In Ongurvan Masambhava, all Gurus, Deva, and Dakit, and Kuesa, all these rise in front of our sky,
all with this monastery of temples, and then we do this prayer, to pray and guide all these prayers
,
and we sing very good things to everyone, really, of course, our salt, and all our friends,
the family, fellow country person, as well as whole world, which really there's more peace,
more harmonics, more respect to each other, and everybody should enjoy what they have.
And really, we think that, I mean, this is not a quote, what we get, that we try to kind of like,
with the competition, with the negative emotions, and trying to grab things, this and that,
and then kind of, I'm right, you're wrong, all those lead so much troubles, so many difficulties in
this life,
all that we see, but then according to Buddha teaching, it brings more difficulty challenges in the
future,
next life, and the next after, that's the karma, negative karma, creating whole world,
and completely polluted, completely environment, and then also our mental state, so it's really bad
.
But what we can do, do some prayers, and good heart, and we sing every good thing,
every whatever we do, it really means peace, and happiness, and joy, and appreciation.
Now, in the future, they all get enlightenment, remove all the obscurations,
and negative habits, and it's really reaching, I think this is what we can do,
for the world peace, and for ourselves, and it is really a quote of Buddha teaching,
and teaching of _____ is so powerful, and very, very targeted, and that really is the best.
So, with all those we were told, and now we feel the presence of the Buddha, Dharma, Sangha,
Guru, Deva, and Raghini, all the linear masters, Buddha, Modi, Sato, Dharma, Para, Kesa,
and everyone is here to compartmental, to bless, to support us, to propel our wishes.
So, we'll have those thoughts, and then we do this prayer, and then we do a little of what's called
consecrated.
Again, one more time, we just throw some rice offerings.
So that means, when we throw in this rice, it's not just, of course, we're throwing,
but in reality, we can think that all the Buddhas, Modi, Sato, and Guru, Deva, Raghini,
Dharma, Para, they are covering ground to compartmental our wishes,
and bless these places, areas, and temple, and entirely in a world and country.
That's really the means of this prayer.
So, having those all, we're taught and extended our heart and mind more broadly, not restricted.
So, we've seen good things to everyone, okay?
Thank you, everyone. Thank you, everyone. Welcome. Thank you so much for coming.
(Singing in foreign language)
So what do you have right in your hand? Don't throw all in one time. And try to be very economic.
(Laughter)
Very economic.
So first I'm going to do it this way. And we do it in one giant.
And then second we press into the east and we're going to giant and throw this right.
And then to the rest.
And then to do it on our way with the arkley is with the rest of the soul.
So I think we can say the whole word is rest.
Rest. And that means Monastry is like what? Ourself is kind of like a principle.
So both us and all bodies are right in front of us, right above us.
So they're just turning every direction.
So direction is our direction of the heart, not yoga or Africa.
And then we go to the west and then north now and then we throw that.
And once that is completed, we come back here and stand there.
Again, really you have some rights. And then we throw the ark because again.
And then you can, slowly you can go through. And this flower or destroying the life is not just a
real turn through.
But all the Buddhas and bodhisattvas, enlightenment beings and lineage masters, dharma-palas,
and all the gods and the Dakas and Dakinis, shower and dong.
All the flowers of the auspiciousness and harmony, peace and joy,
spread our pleasure and then spread out whole as a ripple or the chain of light went throughout the
world and the universe.
So extend it again. Again, extend our heart and meditation as much as you can without any boundary
is good in the Kiki set.
Okay.
Thank you.